fix unfriendly error; add ESM examples for root hook plugins; closes #4310 (#4311)
mochajs/mocha: docs/index.md

> The root hook callbacks run in the usual context, so `this` is available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root hook callbacks run in the usual context, so `this` will refer to the current mocha context:
```
